---
banner_image: '../../assets/images/uav4.jpg'
---

# **News**

- **2020.11** Congratulations to Dr. Xiaokang Zhang for being awarded the 2020年度中国博士后科学基金资助. This postdoctoral research grant is highly prestigious and competitive.
- **2020.10** Congratulations to Prof. Pun for being awarded the 师风师德奖 for his dedication to teaching
- **2020.10** As part of the team led by 西安电子科技大学, our lab has been awarded a major grant from the Ministry of Science and Technology (科技部) to develop 6G technologies.
- **2020.05** We welcome Dr. ZHANG Xiaokang who joined us from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University.  Dr. Zhang's research focuses on detecting landslides using machine learning-based remote sensing techniques. Welcome on board!
- **2020.04** Congratulations to our undergraduate students, Mr. Ziheng Xiao and Mr. Weilin Zhang on receiving multiple offers from top graduate schools. Zihen received admission offers from Cornell, Georgia Institute of Technology and Michigan (Ann Arbor)  while Weilin from Carnegie Mellon University. Congratulations!
- **2020.04** Our recent paper has been accepted by the 2019 IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS), Waikoloa, Hawaii, USA. IGARSS is the flagship conference organized by the IEEE Geoscience and Remote Sensing Society.
- **2020.03** We celebrated the establishment of 港中大(深圳)-中科辰新卫星通信与遥感技术联合实验室. Directed by Prof. Simon Pun and Mr. LIU Ming, this 5-year joint research lab focuses on satellite communications and remote sensing technology. The Lab also welcomed its first postdoctoral research fellow, Dr. WANG Rui who joined the Lab from 武汉大学. 武汉加油！
- **2020.02** Congratulations to our undergraduate student, Ms. Lan Wu, on receiving a 2020 summer fellowship from Carnegie Mellon University.
- **2020.2** Congratulations to our undergraduate student, Ms. Jingjing Tang, on receiving a Ph.D. offer with a full scholarship from the Queen Mary University of London.
- **2020.1** Three of our recent papers have been accepted for publication at the 2020 IEEE International Conference on Communications (ICC), one of the two flagship conferences organized by the IEEE ComSoc.