---
banner_image: '../../assets/images/uav4.jpg'
---

# **News**

- **2021.10** Congratulations to Mingqi for being awarded the IEEE Globecom 2021 Student Travel Grant.
- **2021.09** We have been invited to present our recent work ontransformer-based MIMO CSI feedback at the 30th Wireless and Optical Communications Conference (WOCC) held in Taipei, Taiwan on October 7-8, 2021. The first author of the invited paper is our senior EE student, Mr. XU Yang.
- **2021.09** We welcome Dr. Wei Shao who joined us as research fellow from 阿里. Dr. Shao received her PhD. degree from Tsinghua University in 2001. She is a leading expert in the area of CPU architecture, Software and Hardware Codesign.
- **2021.09** Our recent paper on semi-supervised learning-based land-use classification has been accepted by the IEEE Access.
- **2021.08** We received two donations of total 3.48M RMB. 深圳市遇贤微电子有限公司 has donated 1.48M to support our team's research. Together with the 1-to-1 matching fund from the Shenzhen Government, the donation will be mainly used to attract high-caliber researchers/post-docs/PhD students. In addition, 慕思健康睡眠股份有限公司 has donated 2M to provide scholarships to our undergraduates from Dongguan. We would like to thank both 遇贤 and 慕思 for their generous support.
- **2021.08** Our recent paper on Reinforcement learning-based network resources allocation has been accepted by the IEEE Global Communications Conference (Globecom) 2021, Madrid, Spain.
- **2021.07** Congratulations to our first PhD graduate, Dr. Guanchong Niu, for successfully passing his oral defense on 7/6. Over the past five years, Guanchong has achieved fruitful research results. He has 5 published/accepted SCI journal papers (3 first-authored and 2 second-authored), 2 submitted SCI journal papers and 9 published EI conference papers. In addition, he has completed two internships, including one at Bell-Labs in Paris, France and the other at Pengcheng Lab in Shenzhen. Congratulations!
- **2021.07** Our recent paper on autonomous UAV landing has been accepted by the IEEE Robotics and Automation Letters (RA-L).
- **2021.05** Congratulations to our senior students on receiving offers from top graduate schools. Ms. Lan WU will be joining the Ph.D. program at the National University of Singapore while Mr. Zewei Wang the master program in Electronic Engineering at the Chinese University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong with financial support. Furthermore, Ms. Chi Zhang and Ms. Ziwei Li have received offers from the Johns Hopkins University and the Rice , respectively. Congratulations!
- **2021.04** Our recent paper on Mobile Edge Computing (MEC) has been accepted by the IEEE Trans. on Vehicular Technology.
- **2021.03** All four our submissions to the 2021 IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS), Brussels, Belgium, have been accepted. IGARSS is the flagship conference organized by the IEEE Geoscience and Remote Sensing Society.
- **2021.02** Our recent paper has been accepted byRemote Sensingwhile another by the 2021 IEEE International Conference on Communications (ICC), Montreal, Canada.