---
banner_image: '../../assets/images/uav4.jpg'
---

# **News**

- **2022.10** Our recent joint work with SenseTime on reinforcement learning-based traffic signal control has been accepted by the TRB Annual meeting. TRB is the flag-ship conference in the area of transportation. Check out the paper!
- **2022.08** The conference program for the 31th Wireless and Optical Communications Conference (WOCC) is now available online. The conference will be held on a hybrid format on August 11-12, 2022. All are welcome!
- **2022.06** Our recent paper on exploration acceleration for reinforcement learning has been accepted by the IEEE Trans. on Artificial Intelligence.
- **2022.05** Our two recent papers have been accepted by the Journal of Supercomputing and the APSIPA Transactions on Signal and Information Processing, respectively. One paper investigates reinforcement learning-based resource allocation for wireless networks while the other 3D map reconstruction.
- **2022.04** Congratulations to our two senior students graduating in 2022. Mr. XU Yang will join the PhD program at Purdue while Mr. LUO Wenyan the PhD program at the Ohio State University (OSU). Both received full PhD scholarships. Furthermore, one of our 2019 senior graduates, Mr. DU Jingxin, has received PhD offers from Duke, Purdue and University of Wisconsin-Madison with full scholarships. Congratulations to Yang, Wenyan and Jingxin!
- **2022.04** Our recent paper on UAV-assisted multi-UGV systems has been accepted by the IEEE Trans. on Vehicular Technology. This work was done when the second author, Ms. WU Lan, was a senior student at CUHKSZ. Ms. Wu is now a PhD student at the National University of Singapore.
- **2022.04** Our four submissions to the 2022 IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS), Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, have been accepted for publication. IGARSS is the flagship conference organized by the IEEE Geoscience and Remote Sensing Society. This is the second consecutive year for the team to publish four papers at IGARSS.
- **2022.04** Our recent paper on crossmodal multiscale fusion has been accepted by the IEEE Journal of Selected Topics in Applied Earth Observations and Remote Sensing.
- **2022.03** Our recent paper on deep learning-based network-level performance prediction has been accepted by the IEEE Trans. on Network Science and Engineering.
- **2022.03** Our recent paper on multilevel deformable attention-aggregated networks has been accepted by the IEEE Trans. on Geoscience and Remote Sensing.
- **2022.02** Professor Simon Pun has been elected as an APSIPA distinguished lecturer for 2022-2023. As APSIPA distinguished lecturer, Prof. Pun will promote the research and development of signal and information processing mainly in Asia Pacific region. [More information about the program](http://www.apsipa.org/edu.htm)
- **2022.02** Congratulations to Dr. Wei SHAO on being selected into the Shenzhen Pengcheng Peacock Scheme 深圳市鹏城孔雀特聘计划!
- **2022.01** Our research proposal for the China-Chile Joint Research Fund has been approved. The 2-year project entitled "Multi-platform procedure for light pollution quantification and its effects in astronomy" will be led by Prof. Simon Pun from CUHKSZ and Prof. Eduardo Unda from University of Antofagasta, Chile.
- **2022.01** Professor Simon Pun has been appointed the editorial board member for  the APSIPA Transactions on Signal and Information Processing.More information about the Journal
- **2022.01** Professor Simon Pun will co-chair the 31th Wireless and Optical Communications Conference (WOCC) held in Longguang on August 11-12, 2022. WOCC has four symposia, covering research areas of communications, networking, big data and machine learning.More information about WOCC. [More information about the program](https://www.wocc.org/wocc2022/#/committees)
- **2022.01** Our recent paper on cloud removal in optical remote sensing imagery has been accepted by the IEEE Geoscience and Remote Sensing Letters.