---
banner_image: '../../assets/images/uav4.jpg'
---

# **News**

- **2023.12** Congratulations to our two third-year PhD students, Mr. Xianping Ma and Mr. Maonan Wang, on winning the second prize for their outstanding research presentation at the first SSE Doctoral Student Research Conference held by the School of Science and Engineering on Dec. 15, 2023. Each awardee will receive an award certificate and a cash bonus.
- **2023.11** Our joint project with DeRUCCI has been featured in mass media including 香港大公报 and 央视 duirng the 2023 深圳高交会 held on Nov. 15-19, 2023.香港大公报报道
- **2023.11** One of our papers has won a paper award from the Shenzhen Association for Artificial Intelligence (深圳市人工智能学会).2023年深圳市第三届优秀科技学术论文成果
- **2023.09** Prof. Pun has been invited to serve as the editor for Elsevier’s Earth Observation Series. The book entitled "Multimodal remote sensing data fusion for classification: Algorithms and Applications" is expected to be published in 2025.
- **2023.09** Prof. Pun has been invited to serve as the guest editor for Remote Sensing (JCR Q1, IF 5.349). The title of the special issue is "New Deep Learning Paradigms for Multisource Remote Sensing Data Fusion and Classification"Link.
- **2023.07** Congratulations to our 3rd-year PhD student, Mr. Xianping Ma, on receiving a highly competetive fellowship from the Shenzhen Universiade International Scholarship Foundation (深圳大运留学基金). Only three awardees have been selected in 2023. The fellowship will support the awardees to visit overseas institutions.
- **2023.06** Congratulations to Mr. Ding Ma on receiving a 5-year presidential fellowship from CUHKSZ. The fellowship is the highest honor awarded to the best incoming PhD students.
- **2023.05** Our recent paper on cloud removal for remote sensing images has been accepted by the IEEE Journal of Selected Topics in Applied Earth Observations and Remote Sensing (JSTARS) (IF 5.5).
- **2023.05** Congratulations to our four undergradute research assistants for receiving offers from top schools! Mr. Taimeng Fu will join the PhD program at the State University of New York at Buffalo as a presidential fellow. Furthermore, Ms. Jionghao Han and Mr. Zixiao Xu will continue their studies at the Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) and the Johns Hopkins University (JHU), respectively. Finally, Mr. Ding Ma will stay with the Lab as a PhD student. Congratulations!
- **2023.05** Our recent paper on synthesizing super-resolution remote sensing images has been accepted by the IEEE Journal of Selected Topics in Applied Earth Observations and Remote Sensing (JSTARS) (IF 5.5).
- **2023.04** Our four submissions to the 2023 IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS) have been all accepted, including two oral papers. IGARSS is the flagship conference organized by the IEEE Geoscience and Remote Sensing Society. The team has published four IGARSS papers each year since 2021.
- **2023.01** Our recent paper on multitarget domain adaptation (MTDA)-based cross-domain landslide mapping has been accepted by the ISPRS Journal of Photogrammetry and Remote Sensing. ISPRS is one of the most prestigious journals in remote sensing (IF 12.7).
- **2023.01** Our two recent papers have been accepted by the 2023 IEEE Conference on Communications (ICC). ICC is one of the two flagship annual conferences organized by the IEEE ComSoc.